README.md, before:

# Multi3WOZ

Code repository for the paper: <br>



[***Multi3WOZ: A Multilingual, Multi-Domain, Multi-Parallel Dataset for Training and Evaluating Culturally Adapted Task-Oriented Dialog Systems***](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.14031)
by [Songbo Hu](https://songbohu.github.io),&ast; [Han Zhou](https://hzhou.top),&ast; [Mete Hergul](), [Milan Gritta](https://github.com/milangritta), [Guchun Zhang](), [Ignacio Iacobacci](https://iiacobac.wordpress.com), [Ivan Vulić](https://sites.google.com/site/ivanvulic/), &ast;&ast; and [Anna Korhonen](https://sites.google.com/site/annakorhonen/). &ast;&ast;


Multi3WOZ is a novel multilingual, multi-domain, multi-parallel task-oriented dialogue (ToD) dataset. It is large-scale and offers culturally adapted dialogues in 4 languages to enable training and evaluation of multilingual and cross-lingual ToD systems. This dataset is collected via a complex bottom-up data collection process, as shown in the following figure.

<p float="middle">
  <img src="./media/figure1.png" width="800" />
</p>



## This Repository

- **data.zip** contains the Multi3WOZ dataset in four languages: Arabic (Afro-Asiatic), English (Indo-European), French (Indo-European), and Turkish (Turkic). Each language includes 9,160 multi-parallel dialogues.

- **code** directory contains the baseline code to reproduce our experimental results in the paper. We provide our baseline code for all the popular ToD tasks: natural language understanding (NLU), dialogue state tracking (DST), natural language generation (NLG), and end-to-end modelling (E2E).

## Baselines

Before running the experiments, please run the following command to uncompress the data 

```bash
>> unzip data.zip
```

Then follow each baseline directory's instructions to reproduce our reported results. For example, please follow [./code/nlu/README.md](./code/nlu/README.md) to reproduce our reported NLU results.

## Annotation Protocol

Please visit the following website for our annotation instruction: [https://cambridgeltl.github.io/multi3woz/](https://cambridgeltl.github.io/multi3woz/).


## Issue Report

If you have found any issue in this repository, please contact: [sh2091@cam.ac.uk](mailto:sh2091@cam.ac.uk).

Commit message:

Create new branch tacl for data and code to reproduce the results in the TACL Multi3WOZ paper.

README.md, after:

# Multi3WOZ

**Please note that this branch may be behind the main branch.**

Data and Code to reproduce the results for the TACL paper:

[***Multi3WOZ: A Multilingual, Multi-Domain, Multi-Parallel Dataset for Training and Evaluating Culturally Adapted Task-Oriented Dialog Systems***](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.14031)
by [Songbo Hu](https://songbohu.github.io),&ast; [Han Zhou](https://hzhou.top),&ast; [Mete Hergul](), [Milan Gritta](https://github.com/milangritta), [Guchun Zhang](), [Ignacio Iacobacci](https://iiacobac.wordpress.com), [Ivan Vulić](https://sites.google.com/site/ivanvulic/), &ast;&ast; and [Anna Korhonen](https://sites.google.com/site/annakorhonen/). &ast;&ast;

Multi3WOZ is a novel multilingual, multi-domain, multi-parallel task-oriented dialogue (ToD) dataset. It is large-scale and offers culturally adapted dialogues in 4 languages to enable training and evaluation of multilingual and cross-lingual ToD systems. This dataset is collected via a complex bottom-up data collection process, as shown in the following figure.

<p float="middle">
  <img src="./media/figure1.png" width="800" />
</p>



## This Repository

- **data.zip** contains the Multi3WOZ dataset in four languages: Arabic (Afro-Asiatic), English (Indo-European), French (Indo-European), and Turkish (Turkic). Each language includes 9,160 multi-parallel dialogues.

- **code** directory contains the baseline code to reproduce our experimental results in the paper. We provide our baseline code for all the popular ToD tasks: natural language understanding (NLU), dialogue state tracking (DST), natural language generation (NLG), and end-to-end modelling (E2E).

## Baselines

Before running the experiments, please run the following command to uncompress the data 

```bash
>> unzip data.zip
```

Then follow each baseline directory's instructions to reproduce our reported results. For example, please follow [./code/nlu/README.md](./code/nlu/README.md) to reproduce our reported NLU results.

## Annotation Protocol

Please visit the following website for our annotation instruction: [https://cambridgeltl.github.io/multi3woz/](https://cambridgeltl.github.io/multi3woz/).


## Issue Report

If you have found any issue in this repository, please contact: [sh2091@cam.ac.uk](mailto:sh2091@cam.ac.uk).
